add CTT example (#43)
ietf-scitt/draft-birkholz-cose-tsa-tst-header-parameter: draft-ietf-cose-tsa-tst-header-parameter.md

--- back

# Examples

## CTT

> > NOTE: The following uses the currently unassigned 50 as TBD2.  This example must be regenerated once IANA has allocated the codepoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following examples use the currently unassigned 54424432 as TBD2.  This example must be regenerated once IANA has allocated the codepoint.
```

Reviewer: if this is okay, it could be propagated throughout the example

Author: :-( sad face emoji

Author: if IANA agrees on 50/51 for TBD2/TBD1 we might get away without having to recompute the examples...
